when we come back its back to the
football field and a tale of two halves
in Kings Park will explain by now you're
watching the rush back to the action
Kings Park hosting hop out the opening
drive of the game the kingdom are
sending y'all sean russell finish it for
the six nothing lead they add tune in
the second Russell's number is called
again this time the big man rumbles 27
yards to the end zone Kings Park now on
top 12 oh the two minutes left and a
half a minute later though here come the
eagles flying high Matt oswal 510
Mikhail and check this out folks he is
streaking down the middle of the field
and 56 yards later he makes the 12 6
game and in the second half that
continued that momentum to a 41-20
nguyen welcome back to the rush it must
have been a pretty inspiring halftime
speech because the ego scored thirty
five straight points to start the second
half not bad for week one joining me now
to talk about that big game the three
captains Zach losco Stephen dill and
chris dunn gentlemen thank you for
joining us on the opening day hbu the
2009 season up the rush how you doing
big wave coming from behind talk about
that game well I mean go into halftime
you know we were all you know we were
warned and you know coach got us all
pepped up you know went over some
adjustments and we came out we came out
fired up now Steve in the second half
completely different from the first half
obviously what was wrong in the first
half nothing's really wrong we just
tried to establish what we're doing our
fans you know reinhold play see what
they would do and make those adjustments
at halftime and then just get on a roll
at halftime and keep Alan when the coach
speaks you at halftime when you're down
the way you guys were I mean you're now
the game by any stretch of imagination
you took the game I ran away with it
what was the what was the atmosphere it
was a temple like in the locker room at
halftime ever is really getting pumped
up like an excited command second half
really
build on that touchdown that you saw
Chris you had a big big big game as well
big city for yard touchdown run were you
confident at the end of the first half
hey we can get this thing together and
move on yeah go into the locker room
after the first half I actually had a
really good feeling like going into
lockers and seeing all the players I've
not only none of the heads were down in
that movie so I knew we're gonna come
back and I come strong into the second
half now you three guys were young guys
when the team went oh and eight so
you've been in that old for situation
and you helped lay the foundation with
your new first-year coach then last year
coach Patrick bitch what does he made
you guys believe about this program well
um coming into a second year he's
household believing that you know when
you get in get into the playoffs you
know you have a chance of winning and
that was his motto from the beginning
you know you get in it you can win it I
was one of the main themes in the locker
room in the field I mentioned you three
are the captain so I have to assume
you're also the role models for the
younger guys is that something you
embrace Steve being a role model for the
under eyes mateen yeah I think it's nice
having people I grew up to you and stuff
and I really like keeps you on track
makes you're doing the right thing all
the time so that how people do the right
thing now Chris you guys want six games
last year six games it's not gonna be
enough this year is it now what you want
to see this thing do um I mean I like
through with this league for and for our
like I don't think it's gonna be tough
to get in and hour division went in that
first game against kings park and the
seat above us that was such a big star
for our team and get us going on the
right track and then there's there we
gotta come out with Comstock yeah I'm
going to give them I know you guys are
right does some film studies so far cost
about what you see about them it makes
you take wow we got really be on our
toes for this game we got a lot of team
speed um you know they're running back
in their quarterback got a lot of speed
and the alignment seemed you know a
little on the small side but even very
athletic and uh you know
I have a lot of teams bid so you put
game win Game one win out of the way
it's gonna be hard for you guys are
refocus we go back to practice this week
no I think we'll be all right well we've
always had this thing like one game at a
time like you're not gonna win the whole
thing in one game so I just when we got
time / for the next thing that comes up
and do you best all right well guys
understand sir short week so the game is
this coming Thursday right yes sir all
right why don't you began for know last
year but you don't really know the true
test what you're about to what may be
the fifth week yeah roughly yeah all
right well guys thank you for joining us
good luck and keep up the good work all
right thank you very much Zack loss go
Steve deal and Chris Dutton watch out
for the Eagles they're flying in your
living room we got a lot more